[JTC] Reject trajectories with nonzero terminal velocity (#567)
ros-controls/ros2_controllers: joint_trajectory_controller/doc/userdoc.rst

  Default: false

allow_nonzero_velocity_at_trajectory_end (boolean)

>   If not set true, the last velocity point has to be zero or the goal will be rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If false, the last velocity point has to be zero or the goal will be rejected.
```

  Default: false

> allow_nonzero_velocity_stop (boolean)

Reviewer 2: Proposal:
```suggestion
allow_nonzero_velocity_at_trajectory_end (boolean)
```

Current name sounds to me to have inverse logic, then the description says.

Author: You are right -> I pushed a commit renaming the parameter.
